BENEFITS OF CLOUD COMPUTING

1. High Availaility:
  Maximum Uptime: It means the resources are available consistently with minimum disruptions.
  Service Level Agreements (SLAs): Azure is a high availability cloud environment with uptime guarantees which are the part of SLAs.

2. Scalability:
  Scalability means the ability to adjust resources on demand (add or reduce). As it is consumption based model, you only pay accourding to your requirements.
    There are 2 types:
    Vertical Scaling - Adjusting resource capabilities (CPU, RAM) up or down to a virtual machine.
    Horizontal Scaling - Adding or removing resources (virtual machines, containers) to meet demands(can be done automatically or manually).

3. Reliability:
  Reliability refers to the ability to recover from failures and maintain functionality.

Cloud with decentralized dsign supports reliability as it enables to have resources distributed to regions around the world in contrast to storing the data in one region.
This means even if one a server is down in one region the others are still up and running.

4. Predictibility:
    Predictibility in cloud instills confidence in solution development.
    2 types (influenced by Microsoft Azure Well-Architeched Framework):
    Performance Predictibility - Focuses on predicting the resources needed for best experience for end users like load balancing, high availability & autoscaling.
    Cost Predictibility - Focuses on predicting the cost of spending on cloud. You can track your resources in real time, monitor and apply data analytics to find patterns & latest trends for better planning.
                          You can also predict future costs and adjust resources based on data analytics.
                          Tools like Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)/ Pricing Calculator can also be used to get an estimate.

SECURITY IN THE CLOUD:
Cloud offers flexibility to choose solutions that align with specific security needs.
Cloud providers are equipped to handle DDoS attacks, enhancing network security.

GOVERNANCE IN THE CLOUD:
Cloud features facilitaie governance and compliance by using set of templates to ensure corporate standards & regulatory requirements.
Cloud based auditing that helps flag any resource that's out of compliance and provides mitigation stratgies.
Depending on the operating model (Iaas, Saas, Paas), cloud services may automatically apply software patches and updates enhancing both governance and security.

MANAGEBILITY IN THE CLOUD:
2 types:
    Management of the cloud - Autoscaling, preconfigured templates, monitor resources, automatic alerts of performance.
    Management in the cloud - Web portal, Cli, APIs, Powershell.
